oh my what a story this is little Joey
Taos undergoing a life-saving operation
tonight a fancier force all wearing
yellow ribbons in support of this brave
little boy and his hero Joe Cooper
promising to hit three home runs a
promise that could mean the difference
between life and death for this brave
little boy hey Pete what's the matter
with coop tonight I don't know but he's
1 for 11 he smells like Christian Slater
coupe and the homerun sons getting ready
to take his shot it's off heap sinks his
second home run of the game
who
blood Sugar's way up since yesterday has
there been any change in his fluid
intake sweet Jesus is sodium levels
through the roof it's the strangest
thing he's eight years old and he smells
like Robert Downey jr. ninepenny
everyone's stomach in knots eerie as
cool steps up for his last at-bat one
more chance for that third
and she's here man that girl from the
bar that's a guy a guy that's a dude no
way he was Santa cuz you want her for
yourself no dude I'm saying that because
she's a guy it's impossible just look at
she's got the cutest little upturned
nose
softest lips sweetest Adam's apple I
think I can smell her perfume from here
coupe calls for quiet one more chance
for that third home run he's in deep
focus out there Bob this obviously means
a lot to him he shoots it's going going
looks like coupe has made a dream come
true for a very brave little Wow the
Lord must really have it in
[Music]